Cool. So now what are we going to be doing with these points?
Now, let's talk about the point Cloud data.
This is going to be the format for our points.
So this is a.PCD file.
Then we're looking at the previous slide and we said okay,
256,000 points for every update.
Well, each of these points is going to be represented
in this format where we have this X,
Y, Z Cartesian coordinates and we also have this I value.
So before we're saying that we also have this signal strength of
the laser and that tells us a little bit
about the reflective properties of this material.
So that's going to be this I.
So we have this X, Y, Z,
I and for a single update for the BOP 64,
we have 256,000 of those.
This is actually what this PCD looks like.
Here, we're seeing that the different intensity values are a different color.
So this color mapping here is telling us about
the reflective properties of the objects and then X,
Y, Z is specially telling us where this point is located.
Then in this running PCD video,
we can see this bicyclists just
writing out in front of the car and we're chasing after him.